	Nothing pretty about it at all. You get up when it still feels like night, no alarm, no groaning. You can’t have these things if you want to start the day off right. You have to start with momentum if you want to get anywhere. By the time you’re in the kitchen you’re away and hustling. You have breakfast, toast, tea, a hard boiled egg and a pear. You don’t eat too much because before you know it you’re off. First you do a few laps around the neighborhood, from the tech repair shop to the noodle café. In the summer and spring you can tell when it’s time by the rising light but in the winter you have to watch for Mrs. Wu boiling water for the morning stew. In the winter sometimes the darkness clings like moss deep into the day and you’re scared you’re running back in time, back into the throbbing heart of the night, but you keep running. When your blood is warm, that’s when you slow down by the playground and do your pull-ups and practice your punches, your kicks, your stances before the basketball kids show up. You get out early enough they won’t say a word to you. After that it’s your forms. I’ve never figured out the right place for this because no matter where you go people are staring. Nothing like the country where you can just disappear into your backyard or find a field somewhere and practice. I’ve tried Winston Park, but it’s far and by the time you get there most of the morning’s wasted. Sometimes there’s an alley clear but it’s cramped and an alley. My best bet would be the parking lot by the offices. You have to be careful with this because if they see you they’ll kick you out, and if they see you enough they’ll call the cops. Just stay quiet, keep to the dark spots, and go early. Go early. When you’re done it’s midmorning, nine or ten, and you circle back to the playground to cool down with the old ladies if it’s Saturday or the basketball guys if it isn’t. Listen, the basketball guys aren’t that bad and they’ll let you play if you ask right. They really aren’t that bad and I shouldn’t have said what I said earlier. It’s just dangerous in the dark because nobody can see the color of your skin.