	Vince has been staring at her back all afternoon. He hasn’t seen the full thing but he interpolates. Her blouse is a little too short and it pulls up like a window shade over this pale pink undershirt, flashing a crescent of skin whenever she leans into her drink, which she does a lot. Sometimes, when the light’s right, she stretches her neck and her back stiffens and he can see the ridges of her bra strap tight on her skin. He’s alone and dizzy and almost doesn’t notice when the guys come in.
	“Wine,” one of them says.
	“Wine,” the second one echoes.
	“Beer,” the third snaps.
	They’re in Sunday morning T-shirts and buggy shorts, and they move democratically, glancing over the bar like three leering heads of a guard dog. 
	“Hey, you got any wine?”
	“Could really use some wine.”
	“Get me a beer.”
	The bartender reaches for three glasses. “What kind?”
	“What kind?”
	“I want some fuckin’ wine.”
	“Can’t a man get a drink around here? The third guy looks at the girl. “Something to drink?”
	“Red wine?” the bartender asks. “Is that ok?”
	Vince groans. His vision swoons, then overlaps. All of a sudden there are six men.
	“You got any wine?” Nudging her. “I said wine.”
	“Don’t think she hears.”
	The girl gets up. She’s holding her glass and she says something.
	“Look at that,” a guy points with his shiny black toe. “Look at that.”
	“I need you guys to give me an answer or leave,” the bartender says. One of the guys looks at him then at Vince. Vince looks away. He drinks some more.
	When he comes to, the guys is putting his toe back on the ground. “You got a boyfriend?” he asks. “Hey miss? You got a boy?”
	“Get the fuck away from me,” she says. Her arms are crossed. Her eyes are green.
	“I need you fellows to leave,” the bartender says again. Vince laughs at himself. He look s at his hands and feels his heart swelling and popping, swelling and popping. Then the floor is his. He’s standing. “Leave her alone,” he’s saying.
	The guys laugh.
	“Oh man, I’m scared now.”
	“We got a badass here.”
	“A real badass.”
	When he comes to, he’s still standing. His fists are hovering in front of his face. Strike fast, he’s thinking. Strike fast. Come on. The guy’s on top of him. The room shrinks and explodes and the girl’s muttering becomes a creek. He wakes up in the parking lot.
