	The Chinaman is very old and knows it is time to die. Death, too, is old. When he was a boy he remembers standing before his own grandfather’s failing body with his mother and father and Jiu Jiu and Ge Ge and Jia Jia, all of them gathering together as if to greet death as kin. Now the Chinaman’s children live across the seas and his grandchildren are forever gone. Nobody will stand beside him, for death is an old man, and old men spend their time alone.


	Every so often a light will appear in the window of the train, a lamp hung in some distant cottage, a blinking station signal. The light scrolls in from the left and pulls across the darkness and disappears, and the old man is left regarding his own face in the black glass.
	It is late, but he doesn’t sleep. The slow creak of the train, the rut-rut-rut-clack of steel on rails no longer lulls him, and the kind of tiredness that has settled like sand in his bones is not a tiredness that is quenched by sleep. Instead he looks out the window, lets himself breathe, feels the air against his skin. It will not be long before the train stops; it will stop before he knows it. It stops.
	The old man does not rise immediately. He takes his time. It will be hours, in fact, before the train moves on. He has never figured out why these delays drag on for so long, why children are jolted from their hypnotized sleep and look out at the static darkness or businessmen curse over their cards. Nor does he know why the train stops here, in the most unlikely of places, where nobody boards and nobody leaves. But now the old man rises. He shuffles his way down the corridor, stands in front of the door. It hisses open.
	It is not a cold night, but a faint drizzle fills the air with static. The sky is a smooth sheet of black. The earth gapes away to either side. The old man shuffles out of the light of the station and soon weeds slosh around him. He goes further. At some point he reaches out and brushes his fingers against crumbling brick, runs his fingers over melted walls and monolithic wells, long since dry. At one such point he pauses, stares into the dark as if he can penetrate it, as if the imprints of station light might form themselves into faces. He reaches out to touch what he must be sure is there but this time his fingers scoop emptiness.
	He goes on. Soon his feet sink into mud and droplets cling to all the hairs of his body. He slops deeper into the rice paddy and stops after some time, closing his eyes, breathing in the scent of rain and soil. Then he falls straight back into the spongy earth and dies.
